https://hbr.org/1997/09/developing-products-on-internet-time
road consumer testing, broad internal testing, and testing by lead users.


however, they also must adopt mechanisms that lower the cost of changes, speed their implementation,
 and test their impact on the overall system.

and other information that can be applied across projects

 For Internet software companies, given the novelty and complexity inherent in their products 
and the rapidity of their development cycles,
 no single organization can research, make, and market products alone.


the computers were located hundreds of miles from the dock.

netScarp to missoft
Microsoft was able to react quickly because its existing product-

to yahoo
A similar flexible philosophy can be used in the development of

to car
Fiat, for example, used a broad, external testing approach
five considerations: style, comfort, performance, price, and safety. 

General Motors’ Electro-Motive 

to db
 Consider NetDynamics, a company that develops sophisticated tools for linking Web 
servers to large databases.

It’s no good knowing what customers want in a product under development 
if the development team can’t integrate that information

to Silicon Graphics,

to Booz Allen & Hamilton, a management consulting

to  yachts
Team New Zealand recruited Doug Peterson

This meant that the development tools that went along with it were either terribly buggy or nonexistent. If we chose it, 
we knew we also had to develop many of our own tools.”
################
waterfall and Agile

(development (improvement)
→ testing → evaluate loop)

. In July 2012, the general manager
from Com2uS iterated the vision

WAP-based, but these did not click with very
many users because the price of cellular data usage required to play these games were extremely
expensive at the time **

After Java programing platform for mobile (Java 2 Micro Edition [J2ME])
became available, more mobile games were developed based on Java, which required no network
connections to play. As mentioned in the beginning, mobile games require a lot of data usage.
Around 2008, many mobile games would also become aligned with social networks 

WIPI

The project was targeted to produce two teaching cases that were suitable for technology
management course. One case was designed for teaching the strategic decisions and technology
trends of the mobile game industry (Kim, 2014). The other case was designed for teaching the
software development management of the mobile games and this paper is the result of this case
to understand the trends of mobile game software development.

APF:The budgeted development
time was 10 months

(development (improvement)
→ testing → evaluate loop)”

It required
more complicated and reliable data communication between the client 
(i.e., TinyFarm on a smartphone) and the servers 

The software lifecycle typically includes the following stages:
requirements, analysis, design, construction (or coding), testing (validation), 
installation, operation, 
and maintenance (Cohen, Haan, & Dori, 2010)

Waterfall Development Model

(agile)is a modern software development method especially practical for startup companies

(agile)working on all stages of
SDLC: planning, requirements analysis, design, coding, unit testing, and acceptance testing

First, a mobile game
software industry is similar to the movie industry. Second, no one knows which 
game will succeed in the market. Third, it is the pure business-to-consumer interaction 
that characterizes the
market. Fourth, short time-to-market for a mobile game is critical since market and technology
are constantly changing

p166上